= Heroku Backup Command

Plugin that provides the backup command for the heroku gem. This allows you
to automate the process of backing up bundles to S3.

== Installation

    $ heroku plugins:install git@github.com:mgomes/heroku_backup.git

== Setup

This plugin requires two environment variables:

    S3_KEY

    S3_SECRET

You can also still use the old style - namely, using +config/s3.yml+
(the S3 config file used with the paperclip gem).

You'll also need to make sure that you've enabled the Single or Unlimited Bundle 
addon for your app:

    $ heroku addons:add bundles:single
    
If you have the Unlimited bundles addon enabled, the Backup plugin will not 
destroy any of your bundles on Heroku.

== Usage

From your project's root directory:

    $ heroku backup

That'll make the magic happen.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Contributors

* Nathaniel Jones (nthj)
* Tom Brown (herestomwiththeweather)

== Thanks

Special thanks goes out to hone for explaining the heroku plugin API to me,
and for letting me gank the layout of his README.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Buck. See LICENSE for details.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
